## Enterprise Web Development module - Serverless REST Assignment.

__Name:__ Bijo Sabu

__Demo:__ ... link to your YouTube video demonstration ......

### Overview.

The repository contains a cdk stack that can be deployed to cloudformation. The cdk app has authentication apis including - Sign in, Sign Up, Confirm Sign up and Sign out 

The Rest api of the stack include APIs for user to add, update, get and get a translated version of the reviews.

### App API endpoints.

+ GET /movie/reviews/{movieId} - Get all the reviews for the specified movie. It will also support an optional query string that specifies a review ID or reviewer identity (email address), e.g. ?revieId=1234 or ?reviewerName=joe@gmail.com.
+ POST /movie/protected/reviews - add a movie review. Only authenticated users can post a review.
+ GET /reviews/{reviewId}/{movieId}/translation - optional parameter "language" needed for translation which will need the language 
       code as input.
+ PUT /movie/reviews/{movieId}/protected/reviews/{reviewId} - update a review for a specific movie. Only authenticated users can    
       post a review.     

### Features.

#### Translation persistence

[ Explain briefly your solution to the translation persistence requirement - no code excerpts required. Show the structure of a table item that includes review translations, e.g.

+ MovieId (Partition key) - Number
+ ReviewId - Number (Autogenerated)
+ ReviewerId - String (reviewer email address).
+ ReviewDate - String, e.g. “2025-01-20”. Updatable.
+ Content - String (the review text). Updatable.
+ Translations - Map<string, string>. Updatable
]

#### Custom L2 Construct (if completed)

[Constructs used and the Props input

AppApiConstruct Input props object:
~~~
type AppApiProps = {
  userPoolId: string;
  userPoolClientId: string;
};
~~~
AppApiConstruct public properties
~~~
export class AppApiConstruct extends Construct {
  public readonly api: apigateway.RestApi;
~~~
}
AuthApiConstruct Input props object:
~~~
type AuthApiProps = {
  userPoolId: string;
  userPoolClientId: string;
};
~~~
export class AuthApiConstruct extends Construct {
  private auth: apig.IResource;
  private userPoolId: string;
  private userPoolClientId: string;
~~~
}
]
#### Restricted review updates

[
The PUT and POST REST api than handle the posting of new review and updating an existing review can only be done by existing users
Authorization token recieved during the sign up has to be used here on the api requeest as a header object inorder to be able to do these functions.
]
